docs: improve contract muticall page (#3218)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: apps/docs/src/guide/contracts/multi-contract-calls.md

<<< @/../../docs-snippets/src/guide/contracts/multicalls.test.ts#multicall-3{ts:line-numbers}

When using `multiCall`, the contract calls are queued and executed only after invoking one of the following methods: `.get`, `.simulate`, or `.call`.

## Using `multiCall` for Read-Only Contract Calls

> In scenarios where you need to read data from multiple contracts, the `multiCall` method can be used to perform multiple [read-only](./methods.md#get) contract calls in a single transaction. This approach minimizes the number of requests sent to the network and consolidates the retrieval of data, making your Dapp interactions more efficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In scenarios where you need to read data from multiple contracts, the `multiCall` method can be used to perform multiple [read-only](./methods.md#get) contract calls in a single transaction. This approach minimizes the number of requests sent to the network and consolidates the retrieval of data, making your dApp interactions more efficient.
```

> In scenarios where you need to read data from multiple contracts, the `multiCall` method can be used to perform multiple [read-only](./methods.md#get) contract calls in a single transaction. This approach minimizes the number of requests sent to the network and consolidates the retrieval of data, making your Dapp interactions more efficient.

Reviewer 2: Doubling down on @danielbate's suggestion above.
```suggestion
When you need to read data from multiple contracts, the `multiCall` method can perform multiple [read-only](./methods.md#get) calls in a single transaction. This minimizes the number of requests sent to the network and consolidates data retrieval, making your dApp interactions more efficient.
```
